logo supported image files and use of SVG logo (#4151)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-apply.md

2. In the configuration record corresponding to your store view, click **Edit**.
3. Expand the **Header** tab.
4. In the **Logo Image** field browse to the logo file saved in your file system.

> 6. Upload the file. Allowed file types: png, gif, jpg, jpeg. to applying .svg logo see the [link]({{page.baseurl}}/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-create.html).

Reviewer: Please, clarify the article's topic link. It's supposed to be `/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-create.html#logo_declare`.

Thank you

Author: Hello @rogyar I have updated requested changs please review

> 6. Upload the file. Allowed file types: png, gif, jpg, jpeg. For adding .svg logo see the [link]({{page.baseurl}}/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-create.html#logo_declare).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Upload the file. Allowed file types include png, gif, jpg, and jpeg. To add an .svg logo, see [Declaring theme logo]({{page.baseurl}}/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-create.html#logo_declare).
```

> 6. Upload the file. Allowed file types include png, gif, jpg, and jpeg. To add an .svg logo, see [Declaring theme logo]({{page.baseurl}}/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-create.html#logo_declare).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Upload the file. Allowed file types include .png, .gif, .jpg, and .jpeg. To add an .svg logo, see [Declaring theme logo]({{page.baseurl}}/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-create.html#logo_declare).
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry @abrarpathan19, I didn't catch this in my initial review. Make these small updates and I'll merge your PR.
